one of our subscribers asked us
question how much are dug on what
depth of dug posts here these
perennial garters for tomatoes or
let's say a trellis hang for cucumbers
net so I just say that I do not FFPs
I drove them down
scored in the ground well, somewhere to a depth of 30
centimeters
scored my first tests were scored
somewhere deeper by 70 centimeters
after i made the stretchs here
here tension I did I was already with acacia
there inside
underground this column stands acacia
how he does do it scored
somewhere on
us to a height of 30 centimeters from the ground
tied the wire well stretched and
then scored on here and she sank
and
I pulled out what I pulled out
made them and then come here on
midst
for the wire only once took down only
and went and I did not understand at first that
happened why she sagged and then
I just realized that here is a column
just sank into the ground he went under
here's the pressure on the pock
tried and asked there and here I thought
how could I do it best
bollards from acacia thickness 5 by 5 a
whole columns so I did
way
here look here cucumber posts
need a cucumber here is a brick
the usual one on this side likewise lies
part of another 9 and now you see yes here you can see
brick lies
and on it 200 as a guest
200k two from this side and from this
sides I just drilled a hole
here and there pasted guest2 weave sadil
a column before him here is a brick that lies in
Earth's Sadilov column to him to
nail
rested on the bricks and only then here
there was already one stand on the side of the other
the bar on which the stretch was here
here spun well started then
scored then the posts do not squander
But for support
I easily the entire structure of the middle,
did this oak
support here she is just worth the ground
she is here and here is the most here
the plate is stuffed on the ground just this
on on on the nails spinning here
to make it easier because here like on
hangs let's say tomatoes with this
parties
bushes 10 on this side of 10 since on
hangs tomatoes here is a good weight then
to make it easier all over in
constructions still set the middle
plank
here I can show it to me
move there can be removed here
but the essence remains the fact that it
just stands as support
Well, that's basically the principle of such
here is the moment such are the tricks
good luck to you in your organic land